### 6. Conclusion
To conclude, Honeycomb aims to champion the rights of all, but especially those who have lived at the side-lines of society, unbanked or underserved by traditional financial institutions. By integrating cryptocurrency with real-world transactions, Honeycomb hopes to provide users with access to capital in the form of $HONEY, which can be used as a medium of exchange for the payment of goods. The founding team of Honeycomb Protocol believes that with our commitment to accessibility, transparency and the democratization of financial access, we will be able to attract and retain users to the protocol.

What makes Honeycomb novel is that we hope to make the concept of democratized credit a reality in the DeFi ecosystem. Moreover, credit can be exchanged anonymously between users – a development that is ground-breaking in itself. To do so, a stable digital currency ($HONEY) is created to unlock credit ($NECTAR), and as a way to store and transact value. The protocol maintains the stability of $HONEY by adjusting the money supply in response to market liquidity, through arbitraging and efficient risk management to ensure the protocol is always trust-less. All this is achieved using multiple complex algorithms in the Credit Facility, Liquidity Facility, Liquidity Converter and the Credit Swap Facility that work together simultaneously and harmoniously. 

In the future, Honeycomb  aims to build more dApp features that work hand in hand with the Honeycomb Protocol while partnering with merchants and small businesses to create additional value to its stakeholders.

